My mother’s name is Ramalakshmi. She was originally named Ramalakshmi Chellama, after her paternal grandmother. However, since my brother and I did not prefer the name “Chellama,” it was omitted while applying for her passport, and she later officially changed her name to Ramalakshmi.
She was born on October 21, 1968, on the auspicious day of Deepavali, the festival of lights, which we love very much. Even though her birth date is October 21st, we usually celebrate her birthday on Diwali.
She completed her Polytechnic (ECE) from 1984 to 1987 in Bheemunipatnam (Bhimili) and later continued her studies in Kakinada.
She pursued her Intermediate (MPC) at Samalkota Government Junior College and also studied at Kakinada Women’s College (Civil Vocational Course).
She completed her Bachelor’s degree between 1988 and 1992.
Her school education was at Taylor High School up to 9th grade. Her Telugu teacher was Krishnaveni, and her Polytechnic networking teacher was Srilakshmi.
She learned music at the age of 9–10 and actively participated in various competitions such as dance, Bhagavad Gita, TTD, and Suprabhatam, winning several prizes.
Her friends during B.Tech include Venkayamma, Venkata Lakshmi, and Sailaja. Her Polytechnic friends include Nagamani, Sirisha, and Nalini.
She worked as a Test Engineer at Frontier from 2003 to 2004.
She has taken multiple exams and learned programming languages such as BASIC.
She enjoys watching Korean dramas and Chinese dramas.
My father’s name is Jamaleswara Rao. He was born on August 17, 1962.
He completed his early education at Arogya Swamy Elementary School. He studied 7th grade at Anthony School and 9th and 10th grades under Ananda Rao.
From 1st to 3rd grade, he studied at Mylavaram Elementary School. He then attended Bishop Grassi School from 5th to 8th grade and completed his 9th and 10th grades at Machavaram Municipal High School.
He pursued his Intermediate (MPC) and B.Com at SRR & CVR Government College. Later, he studied Law at a college affiliated with Nagarjuna University, completing his degree at DSR Hindu College of Law in Machilipatnam.
He worked as a Telecom Office Assistant in Bhimavaram and Vijayawada from 1982 to 1985. From 1985 to 1988, he focused on his law studies.
He practiced law from 1988 to 1998 and then served as a judge from 1998 to 2022.
His friends from 9th class include Krishna Moorthy, Mallikarjuna Sharma, Murali Krishna, Sudhakar, and Anjaneyalu.
He was a school leader and a people’s leader during his 10th class.
He has a strong interest in politics and has also learned astrology. He is known for his excellent drafting skills.
Harshini’s all-time favorite book series is Harry Potter.
Her favorite colors are white and lemon yellow.
She loves wearing sarees, frocks, and skirts.
She enjoys shopping, traveling, and sometimes cooking.
She also likes reading books, trying new hobbies and DIYs, decorating, and playing board games.
Sreeram completed his PhD in 2021.
He has loved cricket since childhood and is a big fan of the sport. Later, he also learned to play tennis.
He enjoys playing all kinds of outdoor and indoor games such as volleyball, swimming, racquetball, board games, video games, computer games, PS4, and water sports. He is very active physically and loves playing games.
He enjoys watching horror and comedy movies, as well as TV series.
He also likes traveling.
He is a very jovial person and has many friends.
He completed his PhD at the age of 24.
We spent most of our childhood holidays at our maternal grandmother’s place, Kathipudi, near Annavaram.
Sreeram was born on 29th November 1996 in Jaggampeta, Andhra Pradesh.